# tribute_page

This is a tribute page that I created as part of a project assignment on FreeCode Camp. The purpose of the project was to create a tribute page dedicated to anyone of our choosing that included an image, an image caption, and a section of information. For the project I decided to create a tribute page for author and illustrator Beatrix Potter that showcased some of her illustrations and a list of her more famous children's books. I attempted to use this project as a starting opportunity to continue practicing creating responsive websites. It presented a bit of a struggle as I didn't know how to start applying css that would make the website responsive. After quite a bit of trial and error (including starting over on the css multiple times), I was able to make the images respond to a sizing change of the website browser. There were areas where I had to change and adapt it differently from the mock up I created in Figma in order to make the website flow better, since the images were all different sizes that didn't fit together naturally. So far the text and images adjust well to the size change, but I want to continue to work on adding more responsive css so that the text size changes and the direction of the images and llists changes when the browser window gets smaller; I want to make it turn into a column. I also want to figure out more of the process of starting with mobile design first and how to create those adjustments as the initial css before adding media queries for larger sizes.
